All right.
Hello everyone and welcome to this lecture.
The previous lecture we actually viewed our our model performance and we been able to go ahead and plot
our image and show our guess which is our predicted class and our true class and were able to even count
how many semples it had been correctly classified and how many samples that have been misclassify.
Let's go ahead and review the data or view the data in it a little bit better format.
OK.
So we're going to do here.
We're going to use what we call confusion matrix to indicate how many samples that have been correctly
classified and how many sample of it have been misclassified.
So going to see it from is killer.
Dot metrics.
And you say imports were imported confusion underscore matrix.
And again I say okay our crm or sense for coffee semitics equates to confusion and discord and Matrix.
And here the confusion confusion the confusion Midget's my apologies.
What it needs.
It needs the predictive class anything's a true class.
So good to see.
Okay.
That's Will my wife tests which the testing class and my predicted underscored class.
All right.
Okay looks good.
Let's go ahead and plot penalty don't figger what again to use let's say fig size of let's say equal
to 10 and 10.
And let's go ahead.
As well you see more and as soon as the heat map to actually plot our crm and its view of the patients
to liquids.
True.
And let's run that right.
That's our confusion matrix.
Okay.
What do you mean by confusion metrics.
We covered that before in the past let's go ahead and covenanted again simply what we have here the
ROEs are our predictive classes.
Okay.
So that's our you know like classes of the zeo order one here we have our 2 class either zuel order
one.
OK.
So if our predictive class matches our true class here this have a number the total number of centres
that have been correctly classified.
So it was actually zero.
And our model train model that said it's zero as well.
So we go in 63 semples which is good here.
The numbers here these are the number of samples that have been correctly classified in which they contain
within class 1.
So again the model said that predictions would one and the true Hude was one.
So that we have 75 at 77 sample that's good.
So simply when you look at the confuser matrix you look at these two corners and you see these numbers
are kind of big numbers a large number.
That's a great thing.
That means you know the network has been trained in a way.
If you find here these kind of maybe one of these like is literally let's say let's say zero samples
that mean those are true are in trouble.
I mean there was a problem.
Why.
Because these years the number of semples here these are the issues these out of the air or semples.
These are the misclassified samples.
These are the samples in which let's say the predicted class was zero.
However they are classified as one.
So we have three sample that have been misclassified.
Here we have the predictions were one and the RS zero.
Okay.
And they are seven samples.
All right.
So simply put if you sum them up if you sum all the semples that will give us the moon or the one hundred
and fifty samples that we had in the past which is all our training data set these are quickly classified.
These are misclassify.
OK.
One last way to actually give you the deal or use of data we're going to use We'll call it classification
report.
OK we're going to save it from this killer.
Dot metrix aggressively import.
Good to see classification.
On Discordia report anyone going to say here where we're going to basically plot our top of the class
and our classification report.
So let's see how can we do this.
We're going to say okay print.
We're going to see classification.
Underscoring reports we are going to pass along our y underscored test.
Anyone going to pass along our predicted underscored class.
And that's it.
All right.
Let's go ahead and actually print this.
And that's our classification report right here.
So if you can see here we are pain that now 94 percent accuracy in total.
Okay.
And that's actually really good.
All right.
That's pretty much all what we know.
But for sure that we care about at the moment it's that we have 94 percent on testing they said that
have been correctly classified.
Well you know that's the axis of the model.
If you go back here during training we actually all pay 98 percent accuracy.
However doing testing we obtained around ninety four percent accuracy.
OK.
And that's pretty much all what we have for this lecture.
Again let's recap what we have done so far.
What you have done so far is that we were able to view the confusion matrix and we showed how many sample
that had big reclassified how many samper that have been misclassified and we actually as well viewed
the classification report showing 94 percent accuracy.
And again here.
Great job.
You're getting better at all like Python programming.
A normal machine learning.
Keep it up and see you guys in future lectures.